Add step to have a dedicated instance as part of community plugins (#335)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/extend/plugins/community_process.md

Steps involved:
- Ensure all setup documentation needed is clear and can be successfully followed 

> - Dedicated instance for a third-party service is deployed, if applicable

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand....what's an example?  Like a test account for Service X?

Author: An example is an Azure or Microsoft account with a running on-prem Skype4Business server instance to review and test Skype4Business plugin. I tested the cloud version with a one-off set up for the bounty, but if we want to support it officially, it'll be more efficient to set up an instance that we can continuously test on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Dedicated instance or test account to access and test the third-party service, if applicable
```
